sviperll-maven-parent-6.pom
===========================

Building
--------

Project that uses sviperll-maven-parent-6.pom are expected to be compatible with JDK6.
It is much safer to build projects with boot class path pointing to JDK6 to ensure compatibility.
This prevents usage of some standard library routines missing from Java 6 but present in later JDK.
Default boot class path will be JDK7 for JDK7 compiler even if target is set to Java 6.
Compiler target setting defines language support, but access to library routines is not affected.
It is necessary to explicitly set boot class path to prevent access to JDK routines introduced in later versions of JDK.
This explains why reference to JDK6 is required even if you use Java 7 or 8 compiler.

To build project with boot class path explicitly set to JDK6 use:

    $ JDK6_HOME=<path-to-your-jdk-root> mvn clean install

For example:

    $ JDK6_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-6-openjdk-i386 mvn clean install

When compiling without JDK6_HOME variable default boot class path is used.

It is recomended to compile without explicitly setting boot class path (without JDK6_HOME variable) during development and
to compile with boot class path explicitly set only after all errors and warnings are cleared.

When you compile with default boot class path maven uses Java compiler's API to compile project.
When you compile with JDK6_HOME maven always forks javac executable.

Forking javac is slow. But most serious drawback is reporting error messages.
All compiler messages are passed back to maven and correctly printed when compiler's API is used.
Maven has to process and parse compiler output when stand-along javac is invoked.
This process is prone to errors and causes several warnings not to be present in maven output
event though they are generated by Java compiler!

